h1. assembla - command line access toy your assembla.com spaces

p. This gem is a Ruby client that lets you use command line to preform some common assembla tasks, like getting filtered list of tickets, adding new ticket or changeing tickets metadata.

h2. USAGE

p. After you install the gem you need to create ~/.assembla config file with following data:

p{background:#888}. url: "https://www.assembla.com/spaces/YOUR_SPACE_NAME/tickets"
user: USERNAME
password: PASSWORD
me: MEANING_THE_PERSON_TO_WHOM_THE_TICKETS_ARE_ASSIGNED

bc.. Usage: ass [options]
    -a, --all                        Print your active and new tickets
    -i, --id ID                      Get ticket with id = ID
    -s, --status STATUS              Find tickets with given status
    -t, --to TO                      Assigned to TO, example: ass -t "John Doe" 
        --toandstatus DATA           Assigned to TO and with STATUS, call like this: ass --toandstatus "Name Surname"__New 
    -u, --updateStatus DATA          Change tickets status, call like this: ass -u ID__NEW_STATUS
    -d, --updateDescription DATA     Change tickets descriptino. Exmple ass -d ID__"New description text"
    -v, --version                    Get version
    -h, --help                       Display this information

h2. INSTALATION

p{background:#888}. gem install a2smbla

h2. LICENSE

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Ignacy Moryc

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
